---
date:               "2024-05-16 17:30:00"
title:              ".NET Trivia Night"

location:           "A Game Changer"
sponsors:           ["SmartDraw Software"]
description:        ""
meetup:             "300453178"
survey-url:         ""
---

Show off your .NET knowledge and battle for the .NET LeetCode trophy at our NHDNUG .NET Trivia Night!

Join us for an evening of fun, friendly rivalry, and retro arcade games on Thursday, May 16th at A Game Changer, located in downtown Conroe - just a 15 minute drive North of The Woodlands.

This event will not only be a battle of wits over .NET-related trivia questions, but an opportunity to engage in some friendly competition while enjoying a night out with fellow .NET enthusiasts. Attendees can organize into small teams or compete on their own, fostering a collaborative and competitive atmosphere as they vie for the ultimate trophy to proudly display in their office.

Come for the trivia, stay for the games, and leave with new connections - and possibly the ultimate symbol of .NET prowess!

## Food / Drinks

NHDNUG will provide food, soft drinks, and wristbands for unlimited access to classic arcade games.

Please check in at the front / bar area to receive your wristband - and be sure to let them know you're attending Trivia Night.

Alcoholic beverages are available to purchase.

## Directions and Parking

This Meetup will take place at A Game Changer, located at 109 Metcalf St, Conroe, TX 77301, in downtown Conroe - just 15 minutes north of The Woodlands. Ample parking is available in this charming downtown area.
